__Event__
* The Event is the fundamental class unit of the event-driven system. It contains a type (such as "MARKET", "SIGNAL", "ORDER" or "FILL") that determines how it will be handled within the event-loop.
* Event is parent class to the following: MarketEvents, SignalEvents, OrderEvents, FillEvents 

__Event Queue__
* The Event Queue is an in-memory Python Queue object that stores all of the Event sub-class objects that are generated by the rest of the software.

__DataHandler__
* The DataHandler is an abstract base class (ABC) that presents an interface for handling both historical or live market data. This provides significant flexibility as the Strategy and Portfolio modules can thus be reused between both approaches. The DataHandler generates a new MarketEvent upon every heartbeat of the system (see below).
* a MarketEvent simply contains data of the next update of an instrument to then interact with the Strategy object
* different data handler depending database with all same API for strategy and portfolio to indentically access independently of platform 

__Strategy__
* The Strategy is also an ABC that presents an interface for taking market data and generating corresponding SignalEvents, which are ultimately utilised by the Portfolio object
* SignalEvents wrap ticker symbol, time stamp, and long/short information to be passed to the portfolio

__Portfolio object__
* A SignalEvent contains a ticker symbol, a direction (LONG or SHORT) and a timestamp.

__Portfolio__ 
* This is an ABC which handles the order management associated with current and subsequent positions for a strategy. It also carries out risk management across the portfolio, including sector exposure and position sizing. In a more sophisticated implementation this could be delegated to a RiskManagement class. The Portfolio takes SignalEvents from the Queue and generates OrderEvents that get added to the Queue.
* Order Events initialize with position size, direction, order type, and ticker

__RiskManagement__
* responsible for measuring the risk of given trades and their corresponding portfolio allocation. Send signals back to the portfolio class to then process the risk associated with a trade
* provide data (risk & position sizing)  or creating OrderEvents for the portfolio

__ExecutionHandler__
* The ExecutionHandler simulates a connection to a brokerage. The job of the handler is to take OrderEvents from the Queue and execute them, either via a simulated approach or an actual connection to a liver brokerage. Once orders are executed the handler creates FillEvents
* FillEvents describe what was actually transacted, including fees, commission and slippage (if modelled).
* FillEvents initialize with timestamp, commission, slippage, transaction quantity, transaction price, and exchange of execution

__The Loop__ 
* All of these components are wrapped in an event-loop that correctly handles all Event types, routing them to the appropriate component.
